FORGE 12 - START HERE

This package is the entire repository. Do not put it inside public, docs, or another folder.
The website files must be at the top level of the GitHub repository.

WHAT IS INCLUDED

- The full 12-week, six-day training application
- Day 1 set to Pull A
- Automatic local saving
- Laptop and iPhone synchronization through Supabase
- Email sign-in with no password
- The GitHub Pages publishing workflow
- The Supabase table, security policy, trigger, and realtime SQL
- Offline caching, JSON backup, restore, and CSV export
- Exercise cards that remain open while you enter sets
- Load entry for every medicine-ball movement

WHY YOUR PHONE WAS NOT SYNCHRONIZING

If Forge 12 says "Setup needed," the published website does not yet have the
Supabase Project URL and Publishable Key. It will still save locally, but it
cannot send that data to another device. Complete Parts 1, 2, 5, and 6 below.

PART 1 - GET TWO VALUES FROM SUPABASE

1. Open your Supabase project.
2. Click Connect near the top of the project.
3. Copy the Project URL.
4. Copy the Publishable Key. It begins with sb_publishable_.
5. If those values are not in Connect:
   - Project URL: Integrations > Data API
   - Publishable Key: Settings > API Keys
6. Never copy a Secret Key, service_role key, database password, or connection string.

PART 2 - PUT THOSE VALUES INTO config.js

After downloading and unzipping forge-12-training-complete.zip, open Terminal and run:

cd ~/Downloads/forge-12-training-complete
nano config.js

Replace only the two placeholder values:

window.FORGE_SYNC_CONFIG = {
  supabaseUrl: "https://YOUR_PROJECT.supabase.co",
  supabasePublishableKey: "sb_publishable_YOUR_KEY"
};

Keep the quotation marks. In nano, press Control+O, press Return, then press Control+X.

This is the recommended method because it connects both the laptop and iPhone
automatically. The updated website also includes fields under Settings where you
can save these values on one device, but that device-only setup must be repeated
on every browser.

PART 3 - REPLACE THE GITHUB REPOSITORY

Run these commands in Terminal:

cd ~/Downloads
git clone https://github.com/jakederosa123/forge-12-training.git forge-12-training-upload
rsync -av --delete --exclude '.git' --exclude '.DS_Store' forge-12-training-complete/ forge-12-training-upload/
cd forge-12-training-upload
git add -A
git commit -m "Publish complete Forge 12 training app with sync"
git push origin main

The rsync command deletes the old misplaced files only inside the temporary
forge-12-training-upload clone. It does not delete the downloaded package.

If Terminal says forge-12-training-upload already exists, repeat the commands with
forge-12-training-upload-2 as the name in the git clone, rsync, and cd commands.

If GitHub asks you to sign in, complete the GitHub sign-in prompt and run the final
git push origin main command again.

PART 4 - PUBLISH WITH GITHUB PAGES

1. Open https://github.com/jakederosa123/forge-12-training
2. Open Settings > Pages.
3. Under Build and deployment, set Source to GitHub Actions.
4. Open the Actions tab.
5. Open Publish Forge 12.
6. Wait for a green check.
7. Open https://jakederosa123.github.io/forge-12-training/
8. If the old page appears, wait two minutes and refresh again. On iPhone, fully
   close Safari or the Home Screen app once, then reopen it.

PART 5 - FINISH SUPABASE

1. In Supabase, open SQL Editor.
2. Open supabase/setup.sql from this package, copy all of it, paste it into a new
   Supabase query, and click Run.
3. It is safe to run this SQL again even though training_state already exists.
4. Open Authentication > URL Configuration.
5. Set Site URL to:
   https://jakederosa123.github.io/forge-12-training/
6. Add this exact Redirect URL:
   https://jakederosa123.github.io/forge-12-training/
7. Save the URL configuration.

PART 6 - SIGN IN AND TEST SYNCHRONIZATION

1. Open the published training site on the laptop.
2. Open Settings inside Forge 12.
3. Enter your email and choose Email me a sign-in link.
4. Open the email on the laptop and tap the link there.
5. Log one test set and wait until the top status says Synced.
6. On iPhone, open the same website in Safari.
7. Open Settings, enter the same email, and request a new sign-in link.
8. Open that new email link on the iPhone.
9. Confirm the laptop test set appears.
10. Enter a different test number on the iPhone and wait for Synced.
11. Return to the laptop, press Sync now in Settings, and confirm the number appears.
12. In Safari, choose Share > Add to Home Screen if you want an app icon.

If the site still says Setup needed after republishing, open the repository's
config.js file on GitHub and confirm that the placeholder words YOUR_SUPABASE
are gone. Do not send your key in a message or screenshot.

OLD LOCAL DATA NOTE

Data stored at localhost belongs to that localhost address and will not appear at
the GitHub Pages address automatically. If you already logged workouts in the old
local site, download a JSON backup there first. Restore that backup in Settings on
the published site, then wait for Synced.

SAFETY NOTE

The Publishable Key is intended for browser applications when Row Level Security
is enabled. The included SQL enables Row Level Security so each signed-in account
can access only its own training row. Never publish a Secret Key or service_role key.
